dynamic bindings (#4516)
Textualize/textual: docs/guide/actions.md

In the previous example if you wanted a link to set the background on the app rather than the widget, we could set a link to `app.set_background('red')`.

## Dynamic actions

!!! tip "Added in version 0.61.0"

There may be situations where an action is temporarily unavailable due to some internal state within your app.
For instance, consider an app with a fixed number of pages and actions to go to the next and previous page.
It doesn't make sense to go to the previous page if we are on the first, or the next page when we are on the last page.

We could easily add this logic to the action methods, but the [footer][textual.widgets.Footer] would still display the keys even if they would have no effect.
The user may wonder why the app is showing keys that don't appear to work.

We can solve this issue by implementing the [`check_action`][textual.dom.DOMNode.check_action] on our app, screen, or widget.
This method is called with the name of the action and any parameters, prior to running actions or refreshing the footer.
It should return one of the following values:

- `True` to show the key and run the action as normal.
- `False` to hide the key and prevent the action running.

> - `None` to disable the key (show dimmed), and prevent he action running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `None` to disable the key (show dimmed), and prevent the action running.
```

> Let's write an app to put this in to practice:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's write an app to put this into practice:
```

    1. Prompts the footer to refresh, if bindings change.
    2. Prompts the footer to refresh, if bindings change.
    3. Guards the actions from running and also what keys are displayed in the footer.

=== "actions06.tcss"

    ```css title="actions06.tcss"
    --8<-- "docs/examples/guide/actions/actions06.tcss"
    ```

=== "Output"

    ```{.textual path="docs/examples/guide/actions/actions06.py"}
    ```

This app has key bindings for ++n++ and ++p++ to navigate the pages.
Notice how the keys are hidden from the footer when they would have no effect.

The actions above call [`refresh_bindings`][textual.dom.DOMNode.refresh_bindings] to prompt Textual to refresh the footer.
An alternative to doing this manually is to set `bindings=True` on a [reactive](./reactivity.md), which will refresh the bindings if the reactive changes.

Let's make this change.
We will also demonstrate what the footer will show if we return `None` from `check_action` (rather than `False`):

=== "actions07.py"

    ```python title="actions06.py" hl_lines="17 36 38"
    --8<-- "docs/examples/guide/actions/actions07.py"
    ```

    1. The `bindings=True` causes the footer to refresh when `page_no` changes.

>     2. Returning `None` disables they key in the footer rather than hides it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. Returning `None` disables the key in the footer rather than hide it.
```

>     3. Returning `None` disables they key in the footer rather than hides it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3. Returning `None` disables the key in the footer rather than hide it.
```

=== "actions07.tcss"

    ```css title="actions06.tcss"

>     --8<-- "docs/examples/guide/actions/actions07.tcss"

Reviewer: I this can be removed as the CSS is still `actions06.tcss`?
